fix(ios): Resolve getNewScreenTimeToDisplay Promise with number not array (#6438)
getsentry/sentry-react-native: CHANGELOG.md

- Add `Sentry.reportFullyDisplayed()` imperative API for signaling Time to Full Display ([#6419](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-react-native/pull/6419))

### Fixes

> - Fix iOS time-to-initial-display fallback spans reporting a spurious `deadline_exceeded` status and inflated duration ([#6433](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-react-native/issues/6433))

Author: ```suggestion
- Fix iOS time-to-initial-display fallback spans reporting a spurious `deadline_exceeded` status and inflated duration ([#6438](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-react-native/pull/6438))
```
